HERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
SAY, RACHEL,
I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU'D LIKE TO GO
TO A MOVIE WITH ME SOMETIME...
AS MY LOVER.
HMM, TOO OUT THERE.
MAYBE YOU'D JUST LIKE TO GET
SOMETHING TO EAT WITH ME
SOMETIME...
AS MY LOVER.
HI.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S GO SHOPPING.
YOU KNOW, BEFORE WE GO,
THERE'S SOMETHING I NEED TO SAY.
OH, OKAY.
I'VE KIND OF HAD
THIS, UH...
THIS CRUSH ON YOU
BUT SINCE YOU WERE WITH ROSS
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT
BUT NOW THAT YOU'RE NOT
I'D REALLY LIKE TO
ASK YOU OUT SOMETIME
SO, THAT'S-THAT'S
WHAT I'M DOING...
NOW.
WOW. UM...
( loud crashing )
( even louder crashing )
I DROPPED A CUP.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
...THAT'S WHY
WITHIN A FEW YEARS
VOICE RECOGNITION IS GOING
TO BE PRETTY MUCH STANDARD
ON ANY COMPUTER
YOU BUY.
SO YOU CAN BE LIKE,
"WASH MY CAR," "CLEAN MY ROOM."
IT'S NOT GOING TO BE ABLE
TO DO ANY OF THOSE THINGS
BUT IT WILL UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE SAYING.
OH, THIS IS SO GREAT.
YEAH, IT WAS.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
BYE.
HELLO,
PEOPLE WHO DO NOT LIVE HERE.
HI.
HELLO.
I GAVE YOU A KEY
FOR EMERGENCIES.
WE WERE OUT
OF DORITOS.
Ross:
HEY, HOW'D THE DATE GO
WITH MR. MILLIONAIRE?
"MR. MILLIONAIRE, NEW
FROM SNOOTY PLAYTHINGS.
THIRD WIFE SOLD SEPARATELY."
HE'S GREAT.
WE HAVE SUCH
A GOOD TIME TOGETHER.
HE'S SO FUNNY AND SO SWEET
AND I'M NOT ATTRACTED
TO HIM AT ALL.
STILL?
NO!
IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY.
IN EVERY OTHER WAY,
HE'S LIKE THE PERFECT GUY.
HE HAS EVERYTHING.
PLUS, HE ACTUALLY
HAS EVERYTHING.
LIFE-SIZED IMPERIAL STORM
TROOPERS FROM SHARPER IMAGE?
TWO.
WOW. CAN JOEY AND I
PUT THEM ON AND FIGHT?
OH, MOMMY!
OH, DADDY!
I AM A BIG OLD BADDY!
OH, MOMMY!
OH, DADDY!
I AM A BIG OLD BADDY!
I GUESS HE MUST HAVE GOTTEN
THE PART IN THAT PLAY.
EITHER THAT
OR GLORIA ESTEFAN WAS RIGHT.
EVENTUALLY, THE RHYTHM
IS GOING TO GET YOU.
JOE, HOW'S
IT GOING?
GOOD.
HEY.
HI.
OH, SO YOU'RE PLAYING
ADRIENNE, HUH?
YES. ARE YOU ONE OF
THE RETARDED COUSINS?
NO, NO. I'M PLAYING
YOUR HUSBAND, VICTOR.
I'M JOEY TRIBBIANI.
HI. NICE TO MEET YOU.
KATE MILLER.
SO, THE PLAY'S
PRETTY GREAT, HUH?
OH, YEAH. I LOVE
JENNIFER BANBERRY'S WORK.
SHE'S SO BRILLIANTLY INCISIVE
WHEN IT COMES TO DECONSTRUCTING
THE PSYCHE OF THE AMERICAN
MIDDLE CLASS.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
SHE ROCKS.
WHERE DO I
KNOW YOU FROM?
DR. DRAKE RAMORAY?
DAYS OF OUR LIVES?
VOTED MOST DATEABLE
NEUROSURGEON BY TEEN BEAT?
NO, THAT'S NOT IT.
SO, YOU'RE A SOAP ACTOR.
IT MUST BE PRETTY EXCITING
FOR YOU
BEING IN A REAL PLAY.
HEY, I'VE DONE
PLAYS BEFORE.
I'M A SERIOUS ACTOR.
THAT INFOMERCIAL...
FOR THE MILK CARTON
SPOUT THING.
YOU'RE THE GUY WHO
DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO POUR MILK.
SEE, I ACTUALLY
CAN POUR MILK
BUT I GOT YOU BELIEVING
THAT I COULDN'T.
NOW, SEE, THAT'S ACTING.
RIGHT, AND AT THE END,
YOU CHOKED ON A COOKIE.
YEAH. THAT WAS REAL.
WOW. I CANNOT BELIEVE
MARK ASKED YOU OUT.
I KNOW.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO TELL HIM?
WELL, I TOLD HIM
I WOULD THINK ABOUT IT
BUT I'M GOING
TO TELL HIM NO.
Phoebe:
HUH.
I THINK I'D SAY NO
TO ANYBODY RIGHT NOW.
OH, BUT IT WAS
SO STRANGE.
I MEAN, I'M
STANDING THERE
WITH THIS CHARMING,
CUTE GUY
WHO'S ASKING ME
TO GO OUT WITH HIM--
WHICH I AM
ALLOWED TO DO--
AND I FELT
GUILTY, YOU KNOW
LIKE I'D BE CHEATING
ON ROSS OR SOMETHING.
WOW. SO, OKAY
MAYBE THAT MEANS THAT
YOU'RE NOT OVER ROSS YET
AND YOU HAVE ISSUES
WITH YOUR FATHER.
I DON'T HAVE ANY
ISSUES WITH MY FATHER.
SO IT'S PROBABLY
JUST THE ROSS THING THEN.
I HATE THIS WOMAN.
I HATE HER!
SHE TOLD EVERYONE
IN THE COMPANY
ABOUT THAT INFOMERCIAL
AND NOW THEY ALL
KEEP ASKING ME
TO OPEN THEIR
DRINKS, OKAY
AND WHENEVER
I CAN'T DO IT
THEY'RE ALL, LIKE...
LIKE LAUGHING AT ME.
HELLO.
HEY!
SO RACHEL CALLED.
WANTS TO SEE ME.
GOING OVER IN A MINUTE.
WOW. WHAT DO YOU
THINK SHE WANTS?
WELL, MAYBE THE CRAZY FOG
HAS LIFTED
AND SHE REALIZES
THAT LIFE WITHOUT ME SUCKS.
IT'S POSSIBLE.
YOU ARE VERY LOVEABLE.
I'D MISS YOU IF I
BROKE UP WITH YOU.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO BE SUPPORTIVE.
WELL, BE SUPPORTIVE
LIKE A GUY.
( deep voice ):
IF I BROKE UP WITH
YOU, I'D MISS YOU.
HI.
YOU, UH... WANTED TO SEE ME?
YEAH.
UH, HERE'S A BOX OF YOUR STUFF.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST, LIKE,
HATS AND SHIRT AND CDs.
JUST SORT OF STUFF
THAT YOU'VE LEFT HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ARE YOU TRYING
TO HURT ME
OR SOMETHING?
NO.
ROSS, IT...
IT JUST SEEMS THAT,
YOU KNOW
IT'S TIME WE MOVE ON.
I MEAN,
DON'T YOU THINK?
YES.
YEAH.
YES, I DO.
GOOD.
YEAH, I-I REALLY DO.
HEY!
THIS... THIS WAS A GIFT.
ROSS, YOU GOT THAT FOR FREE
FROM THE MUSEUM GIFT SHOP.
IT'S STILL A GIFT.
I GOT IF FROM THE GIFT SHOP.
OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
GIVE ME THE MUG.
I'LL KEEP THE MUG.
NO! YOU KNOW, DON'T
DO ME ANY FAVORS.
IN FACT, WHERE...
WHERE'S THE REST OF MY STUFF?
LIKE, LIKE...
MY, UM... HEY!
THIS BOOK IS MINE!
AND-AND-AND
AND THAT T-SHIRT YOU SLEEP IN,
I'D LIKE THAT BACK, TOO.
YES, I DO.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I LOVE THAT T-SHIRT.
YOU NEVER EVEN WEAR
THAT T-SHIRT.
I'M JUST TRYING TO HELP YOU
MOVE ON.
OH, YOU ARE A PETTY MAN.
YOU ARE A PETTY, PETTY...
PETTY, PETTY...
PETTY, SMALL...
SMALL...
YOU ARE SO JUST DOING
THIS OUT OF SPITE.
UH-UH. NO, NO, NO.
I'M GOING TO WEAR THIS
ALL THE TIME.
I LOVE THIS SHIRT.
YOU HAVE NOT WORN THAT
SINCE YOU WERE 15.
IT DOESN'T EVEN FIT YOU ANYMORE.
OH, YEAH, YEAH.
( deep voice ):
YEAH, YEAH.
OH, OKAY, OKAY.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T MIND
I'M GOING TO TAKE
THE REST OF MY STUFF
AND RELAX
IN MY FAVORITE SHIRT.
YOU HAVE A PLEASANT EVENING.
SO, YOU'RE LIKE
A ZILLIONAIRE.
AND YOU'RE OUR AGE.
YOU'RE OUR AGE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU SHOULD BUY A STATE
AND THEN NAME IT
AFTER YOURSELF.
LIKE PETE DAKOTA.
( laughing )
OR MISSISSIPETE.
OH, OH, I GOT IT.
PETE CHICAGO.
THAT'S NOT
A STATE, JOE.
OH, AND MISSISSIPETE IS?
I GOT TO GO.
SO, I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
All:
OKAY.
YOU'RE OUR AGE.
SO, WE ON FOR TOMORROW?
ABSOLUTELY.
NOW GET OUT OF HERE, YOU.
OKAY, I'M RUNNING
OUT OF PLACES I
CAN TOUCH HIM.
I MEAN, IS
THERE SOMETHING
WRONG WITH ME?
WHY AM I ONLY ATTRACTED TO GUYS
WHERE THERE'S NO FUTURE?
EITHER THEY'RE TOO OLD
OR THEY'RE TOO YOUNG
AND THEN THERE'S PETE
WHO'S... HE'S CRAZY ABOUT ME
AND HE'S ABSOLUTELY PERFECT
AND THERE'S LIKE ZIP GOING ON.
DOES IT SOUND LIKE
THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG WITH ME?
YEAH. KIND OF.
HAPPY? IS THAT WHAT
I'M SUPPOSED TO BE, VIC?
HAPPY?
WHY DON'T YOU
TELL ME WHAT YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO BE, HUH?
BECAUSE I SURE AS HELL
CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
I TALK TO YOU
AND NOTHING.
YOU LOOK AT ME
AND IT'S NOTHING.
NOTHING.
MMM, TASTY.
I'M REALLY STARTING TO FEEL
LIKE YOU GUYS HAVE A HISTORY.
IT'S NICE.
I HAVE A QUESTION
ABOUT THIS SCENE.
YES.
WELL, I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY ADRIENNE'S
ATTRACTED TO VICTOR.
PEEL THE ONION.
FIRST OF ALL,
HE'S GOOD-LOOKING.
YEAH.
I THINK MY CHARACTER'S
GOING TO NEED
A LITTLE BIT MORE
OF A REASON THAN THAT.
HOW ABOUT
THIS ONE--
UH, IT SAYS SO
IN THE SCRIPT!
YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
WHY MY CHARACTER
LIKES YOU EITHER.
I MEAN, IT SAYS
IN THE SCRIPT HERE
THAT YOU'RE A BITCH.
IT DOESN'T SAY THAT
IN THE SCRIPT.
IT DOES IN MINE.
Chandler:
I CAN BLOW DRY IT.
I CAN PUT GEL ON IT.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
I STILL WIND UP WITH
THIS LITTLE COWLICKY THING
ON THE MIDDLE PART
OF MY HEAD.
IT'S SO ANNOYING.
DOES IT BUG YOU?
YOU BUG ME.
IS THERE ANY CHANCE
YOU DIDN'T SEE THAT?
ROSS, YOU GOT TO STOP, OKAY?
YOU CAN'T JUST STARE
THROUGH THE PEEPHOLE
FOR THREE HOURS.
YOU'RE GOING
TO GET PEEP EYE.
I KNEW IT. I KNEW IT.
I ALWAYS KNEW SHE LIKED HIM.
SHE'D SAY NO, BUT
HERE WE ARE, RIGHT?
WE JUST BROKE UP,
FIRST THING SHE DOES...
YOU DIDN'T JUST BREAK UP.
HEY, IT'S BEEN,
LIKE, THREE WEEKS.
YOU SLEPT WITH SOMEBODY
THREE HOURS AFTER
YOU THOUGHT YOU BROKE UP.
I MEAN,
BULLETS HAVE LEFT GUNS SLOWER.
SHH, SHH, SHH.
HERE THEY COME.
OH, IF SHE KISSES HIM
GOOD NIGHT
I'M GOING TO KILL MYSELF,
I SWEAR.
I CAN'T...
I CAN'T WATCH...
COME ON.
DATE OVER.
OH, OH. HERE WE GO.
SHE'S GOING IN.
OKAY.
HE'S GOING IN.
THE DOOR'S CLOSED.
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING
WITH THE DOOR CLOSED.
AND THE INVENTOR OF THE DOOR
RESTS HAPPILY IN HIS GRAVE.
OKAY. I HAVE TO DO
SOMETHING.
I MEAN, I HAVE TO STOP IT.
STOP WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT I HAVE A FEELING
MY BEING THERE WILL DO IT.
I'LL GO OVER
AND I WILL BORROW SOMETHING.
JUICE.
I NEED JUICE.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
LOOK, THEY MUST BE STOPPED.
I AM YOUR FRIEND
AND I AM NOT GOING
TO LET YOU DO THIS.
YOU ARE SURPRISINGLY STRONG.
I NEED JUICE.
PEOPLE NEED JUICE!
LOOK, MAN...
LISTEN TO ME.
JUICE! THEY NEED JUICE!
SHE'S MOVING ON, OKAY?
IF IT'S NOT THIS GUY,
IT'S GOING TO BE SOMEBODY ELSE.
UNLESS YOU'RE THINKING
ABOUT SUBLETTING MY PEEPHOLE
YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE TO GET
USED TO THE FACT
THAT THE RELATIONSHIP
IS OVER.
OKAY, MAN?
IT'S OVER.
YEAH. OKAY.
OKAY.
IT'S JUST
I MISS HER SO MUCH.
I KNOW.
WHY DO ALL YOUR COFFEE MUGS
HAVE NUMBERS ON THE BOTTOM?
OH, THAT'S SO MONICA
CAN KEEP TRACK.
THAT WAY IF ONE
OF THEM'S MISSING
SHE CAN BE, LIKE,
"WHERE'S NUMBER 27?"
( chuckles )
( sighs )
YOU KNOW WHAT?
NO, AND I DON'T THINK
I'M GOING TO WANT TO.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
YEP, YEP. THAT'S WHAT
I DIDN'T WANT TO KNOW.
YEAH. OH, MARK,
I'M JUST DOING THIS
FOR THE WRONG
REASONS, YOU KNOW?
I'M JUST DOING IT
TO GET BACK AT ROSS.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S NOT VERY
FAIR TO YOU.
AH, FAIR SHMAIR, YOU KNOW?
LOOK, YOU WANT
TO GET BACK AT ROSS
I AM HERE FOR YOU.
REALLY.
NO, NO.
I SAY WE GET BACK AT HIM
RIGHT HERE ON THIS COUCH.
RIGHT HERE.
OH, GOD.
I'M SORRY ABOUT THIS.
THAT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH.
I CAN JUST GO HOME
AND GET BACK AT HIM
BY MYSELF.
Woman:
...POISED TO BECOME THE
PENICILLIN OF THE 21st CENTURY.
AND SO TODAY, THIS HOSPITAL
IS ABOUT TO TAKE MAJOR STEPS
TOWARD LEADING
THAT REVOLUTION.
IT IS TRULY IRONIC...
HEY.
COULD I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
...ON THE ONE HAND
TO CONSIDER THE SIZE
OF THE HUMAN GENE...
WHERE ARE WE?
WELL, WITH ALL
THESE DOCTORS AND NURSES
I'M GOING TO SAY
MIDGET RODEO.
JUST TELL ME THE TRUTH.
OKAY.
UM...
YOU KNOW, I-I DON'T THINK
I TOLD YOU THIS
BUT I JUST RECENTLY GOT OUT
OF A REALLY SERIOUS
RELATIONSHIP.
WASN'T THAT A YEAR AGO?
SO I DID TELL YOU.
OKAY. WELL, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S NOT REALLY THE THING.
THE THING IS,
IS THAT RIGHT NOW
I'M JUST IN A PLACE IN MY LIFE
WHERE I JUST NEED TO FOCUS
ON ME.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
OH, YEAH. I KNOW.
I SO WANT TO BE ATTRACTED
TO YOU...
BUT YOU'RE NOT.
OKAY. GOOD.
I'M SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T BE.
THIS IS NOT...
DON'T BE, 'CAUSE
IT'S NOT SO BAD.
IT'S NOT?
I KNOW I'M NO JON BON JOVI...
OR SOMEONE YOU
FIND ATTRACTIVE.
I'M JUST... I JUST
THINK, YOU KNOW
THAT YOU MIGHT END UP
FEELING DIFFERENTLY.
HOW CAN ANY OF US
FORGET JEFFREY ASTROFT?
NOW, LOOK, I DON'T WANT THIS
TO COME OUT WRONG
BUT, UH, YOU SEEM
AWFULLY CONFIDENT
FOR A GUY I JUST TOLD
I WASN'T ATTRACTED TO.
YEAH. STUPIDLY
CHARMING, ISN'T IT?
AH, LISTEN, LET'S...
YOU WANT TO GET
SOMETHING TO EAT?
'CAUSE THIS PLACE IS
KIND OF DEE-PRESSING.
AND NOW THE MAN WHO MADE
ALL THIS POSSIBLE...
MR. PETER BECKER.
ONE SEC.
I DON'T THINK THIS TOWN
IS BIG ENOUGH
FOR THE BOTH OF US TO RELAX IN.
DRAW.
I WASN'T DOING ANYTHING.
UH-OH. WHAT DID SHE DO NOW?
JUST BECAUSE
SHE WENT TO YALE DRAMA
SHE THINKS SHE'S, LIKE,
THE GREATEST ACTRESS SINCE...
SINCE SLICED BREAD.
AH, SLICED BREAD,
A WONDERFUL LADY MACBETH.
GOD, I JUST... I HATE HER.
I HATE HER WITH HER,
"OH, I'M SO TALENTED"
AND, "OOH, I'M SO PRETTY"
AND, "OOH, I SMELL SO GOOD."
I THINK SOMEBODY
HAS A CRUSH ON SOMEBODY.
CHANDLER, CAN WE
PLEASE TRY AND STAY FOCUSED
ON MY PROBLEM
HERE, YOU KNOW?
I'M TALKING ABOUT YOU,
YOU BIG, BIG FREAK.
OH.
OH. OH. YOU'RE
OUT OF YOUR MIND.
YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING
BUT TALK ABOUT HER FOR
THE LAST 48 HOURS.
IF YOU WERE IN A SCHOOLYARD,
YOU'D BE PULLING HER PIGTAILS
AND PUSHING HER DOWN NOW.
OH, YEAH?
THEN HOW COME
I KEEP THINKING ABOUT HER
IN ALL THESE SEXUAL SCENARIOS
AND STUFF?
HAPPY?
IS THAT WHAT I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE, VIC? HAPPY?
WELL, WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
WHAT YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
BECAUSE I SURE AS HELL
CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
I TALK TO YOU
AND IT'S NOTHING.
YOU LOOK AT ME
AND NOTHING.
NOTHING.
YOU GUYS MAKE ME FLY...
HIGH.
OKAY.
WE'RE GOING TO PICK IT UP
HERE TOMORROW.
WELL, THAT WAS, UH...
BETTER?
YEAH, YEAH.
IT WAS DEFINITELY
AN IMPROVEMENT, UH...
GOOD NIGHT.
UH, KATE?
YEAH.
YOU, UH...
YOU FORGOT YOUR SHOES.
( nervous laughter )
I'M PROBABLY GOING
TO NEED THOSE, HUH?
( laughing )
HEY, LISTEN. YOU, UH...
FEEL LIKE GETTING
A CUP OF COFFEE?
KATE.
YEAH.
YOU READY TO GO?
VERY NICE.
SO, UH...
SEE YOU TOMORROW, HUH?
YEAH, YEAH. SURE.
RIGHT.
GOOD NIGHT.
HEY.
WHY ISN'T IT SPIDERMAN?
YOU KNOW,
LIKE GOLDMAN, SILVERMAN?
'CAUSE IT'S-IT'S NOT
HIS LAST NAME.
IT ISN'T?
NO. IT'S NOT LIKE...
LIKE PHIL SPIDERMAN.
HE'S A SPIDER... MAN.
YOU KNOW, LIKE, UH,
LIKE GOLDMAN IS A LAST NAME
BUT THERE'S NO GOLD-MAN.
OH. OH, OKAY.
THERE SHOULD BE A GOLD-MAN.
HEY.
Monica:
HEY, RACH.
HOW WAS WORK?
OH, GREAT.
ALTHOUGH I DID SIT DOWN
WHERE THERE WASN'T A CHAIR.
BY THE WAY, ROSS DROPPED BY
A BOX OF YOUR STUFF.
OH. WELL, I GUESS
I HAD THAT ONE COMING.
I'M JUST GOING TO THROW IT OUT.
IT'S PROBABLY JUST A BUNCH
OF SHAMPOO AND...
SOMETHING WRONG?
NO, NOTHING.
SO, WHAT KIND OF POWERS
WOULD GOLD-MAN HAVE?
OKAY. WELL,
HE WOULD TURN THINGS TO GOLD.
WHAT ABOUT THINGS
THAT ARE ALREADY GOLD?
AH, HIS WORK IS DONE.
OKAY. LET'S PLAY MY GAME NOW.
OKAY.
WHY, YOU YELLOW-BELLIED,
LILY-LIVERED...
DRAW!
Phoebe:
YEAH, THAT'S FUN.